**AWS**
Privilege Escalation to SYSTEM in AWS VPN Client
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/cve-2022-25165-aws-vpn-client/
AWS WorkSpaces Remote Code Execution
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/cve-2021-38112-aws-workspaces-rce/
Resource Injection in CloudFormation Templates
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/cloud-malware-cloudformation-injection/
Downloading and Exploring AWS EBS Snapshots
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/exploring-aws-ebs-snapshots/
CloudGoat ECS_EFS_Attack Walkthrough
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/cloud-security/cloudgoat-aws-ecs_efs_attack/
GKE Kubelet TLS Bootstrap Privilege Escalation
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/cloud-security/kubelet-tls-bootstrap-privilege-escalation/
Weaponizing AWS ECS Task Definitions to Steal Credentials From Running Containers
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/weaponizing-ecs-task-definitions-steal-credentials-running-containers/
CloudGoat AWS Scenario Walkthrough: “EC2_SSRF”
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/cloud-security/cloudgoat-aws-scenario-ec2_ssrf/
Pillaging AWS ECS Task Definitions for Hardcoded Secrets
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/pillaging-ecs-task-definitions-two-new-pacu-modules/
Abusing VPC Traffic Mirroring in AWS
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/abusing-vpc-traffic-mirroring-in-aws/
Exploiting AWS ECR and ECS with the Cloud Container Attack Tool (CCAT)
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/cloud-container-attack-tool/
Bypassing IP Based Blocking with AWS API Gateway
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/bypassing-ip-based-blocking-aws/
Phishing Users with MFA on AWS
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/mfa-phishing-on-aws/
AWS IAM Privilege Escalation – Methods and Mitigation
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/aws-privilege-escalation-methods-mitigation/
Penetration Testing AWS Storage: Kicking the S3 Bucket
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/penetration-testing/penetration-testing-aws-storage/
Cloud Security Risks (P2): CSV Injection in AWS CloudTrail
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/cloud-security-csv-injection-aws-cloudtrail/
Amazon’s AWS Misconfiguration: Arbitrary Files Upload in Amazon Go
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/amazon-aws-misconfiguration-amazon-go/
Privilege Escalation Attack : Attacking AWS IAM permission misconfigurations
https://payatu.com/blog/mayank.arora/iam_privilege_escalation_attack
IAM Vulnerable - An AWS IAM Privilege Escalation Playground
https://bishopfox.com/blog/aws-iam-privilege-escalation-playground
Escalator to the Cloud: 5 Privesc Attack Vectors in AWS
https://bishopfox.com/blog/5-privesc-attack-vectors-in-aws
Vulnerable AWS Lambda function – Initial access in cloud attacks
https://sysdig.com/blog/exploit-mitigate-aws-lambdas-mitre/
Inside a Privilege Escalation Attack via Amazon Web Services’ EC2
https://thenewstack.io/inside-a-privilege-escalation-attack-via-amazon-web-services-ec2/

**AWS Attacks**
https://pentestbook.six2dez.com/enumeration/cloud/aws
**AWS Shadow Admin**
https://www.admin-magazine.com/Archive/2021/63/Shadow-admin-permissions-and-your-AWS-account
**Gaining AWS Console Access via API Keys**
https://www.netspi.com/blog/technical/gaining-aws-console-access-via-api-keys/
**Automate AWS AMI Creation For EC2 And Copy to Other Region**
https://dheeraj3choudhary.com/automate-aws-ami-creation-for-ec2-and-copy-to-other-region-or-disaster-recovery
**Instance Connect - Push an SSH key to EC2 instance**
https://cloudonaut.io/connect-to-your-ec2-instance-using-ssh-the-modern-way/
**Golden SAML Attack**
https://www.cyberark.com/resources/threat-research-blog/golden-saml-newly-discovered-attack-technique-forges-authentication-to-cloud-apps
**Stealing hashes from Domain Controllers in the Cloud**
https://blog.sygnia.co/detection-and-hunting-of-golden-saml-attack


**AWS PenTest Methodology**
https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Cloud%20-%20AWS%20Pentest.md
CloudGoat Official Walkthrough Series: “rce_web_app”
https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/cloudgoat-walkthrough-rce_web_app/

**AWS Security Tools**
https://github.com/toniblyx/my-arsenal-of-aws-security-tools

https://github.com/blackbotsecurity/AWS-Attack

https://github.com/awslabs/aws-cloudsaga

https://github.com/awslabs/aws-support-tools

https://github.com/0xVariable/AWS-Security-Tools

https://cybersecurityup.github.io/awstrm/index.html

https://github.com/dafthack/CloudPentestCheatsheets/blob/master/cheatsheets/AWS.md

https://github.com/RhinoSecurityLabs/cloudgoat
